# INTRODUCTION

The Welsh Results Reporting Service (WRRS) allows health care professionals (HCPs) across Wales to access, enter and view laboratory results for pathology requests and any other associated results across all health boards in Wales, from both primary and secondary care. WRRS originates from the Welsh Laboratory Information Management System (WLIMS), which covers all of Wales. 

The GitHub repository accompanies and ADR Data Explained output which can be found here and on the ADR UK website.



## GENERATED BY
Gareth Davies and maintained by the Population Data Science team, Swansea University. See output for full list of contributors.


### Repository structure:

•	Data Explained - The Welsh Results Reporting Service (WRRS) pdf document.
•	The SQL scripts used within SAIL, and when working with the WRRS data can be found in the scripts folder. Please note that scripts can only be run inside the SAIL Databank.
•	A fuller WRRS technical report can be found in the main folder, which expands on the ADR Data Explained output.


### Using the WRRS data

The areas of the WRRS that have been worked on can be found in the "dictionary" within SAIL and are summarised below:

•	Biochemistry

•	Cancer

•	Cardiovascular 

•	Full Blood Count (FBC)

•	Immunity

•	Musculoskeletal

•	Renal

•	Respiratory Tract Infection (RTI) 

•	Thrombosis

•	Urinary Tract Infection


### Further information:
WRRS currently contains pathology results from WLIMS, but has the potential to expand to other areas of WLIMS. 
For further information on working with the WRRS data, please see Data Explained - The Welsh Results Reports Service (WRRS) Data.pdf located in the main folder of the repository.
Contact details can be found in teh ADR Data Explained pdf
